README.md, before:

# Accessible Image Sample Book
The Accessible Image Sample Book, created by the [DIAGRAM Content Working Group](http://diagramcenter.org/about/working-groups.html), is a free online resource that shows you what some of the many options are for creating accessible versions of digital images such as:

- maps
- bar charts
- diagrams
- mathematical expressions
- photographs
- and more!

Each of the ten chapters in the book shows a different complex image in context of the book it came from, along with helpful tips and the code used to provide the accessible image in a digital book. See (and hear!) the different ways that an image can be made accessible, including:

- short and long descriptions
- tactile graphics
- MathML
- sonification
- audio description
- 3D printing

This resource can be used as a guide when creating accessible images in your own digital books and other digital publications. You can learn more what the book contains by listening to the [webinar about the Accessible Image Sample Book](http://diagramcenter.org/webinars.html#aisb) presented by its authors.

Have you used the Accessible Image Sample Book for your work? Please tell us what impact it is having and how it could be improved. [Click here to take a quick 6-question survey](https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/JD78MHF).

Please see this page for more information:
[http://diagramcenter.org/standards-and-practices/accessible-image-sample-book.html]


## Change Log

####Version 2.0.2
- Minor version number consistency updates in the EPUB file
- [Source files page](http://diagramcenter.org/samplebook/SourceFiles/index.xhtml) updates
- Release of the [Web version of the book](http://diagramcenter.org/samplebook/index.xhtml)

####Version 2.0.1
- Introduction removed.
- "The Content Model" was renamed "The Diagrammar" in keeping with official nomenclature.
- "The Diagrammar" section was moved to its own page after the last sample.
- The MIDI (which is not supported in EPUB) has been removed and is now just available in the Source files on the website.
- The Cartoon description was updated.
- Related Table of Contents and structural changes.

#### Version 2.0
- Major update with new sections added, including:
	- Getting Started
	- Chemistry
	- Relational Diagrams
	- Cartoons
	- Haptics
	- Music
	- Glossary

#### Version 1.5
- HTML5 coding and semantic structure have been updated and enhanced in many ways.
- Enhancements to EPUB 3 structure, semantics, and metadata.
- Extensive stylistic updates, including the addition of numerous styles to make the content more readable and more stylish.
- Sample images are now set up to work both with device double-tap image viewing and separate image pages when needed.
- The examples have been updated to replace the use of <details> and <summary> with <aside>. This is in keeping with the fact that those elements have been removed from the official HTML5.0 spec, thus they are technically unsupported in EPUB 3. They will probably be added back into the HTML spec with 5.1, but will not be technically valid in EPUB 3 until that happens and until EPUB 3 updates to support 5.1. See more about this here: [https://github.com/IDPF/epubcheck/issues/407#issuecomment-50631597]

#### Version 1.2
Minor updates

#### Version 1.0
Initial release

Commit message:

v2.0.3 - Bug fix in Maps chapter
Change "Canada" to "California" in the Maps chapter.

README.md, after:

# Accessible Image Sample Book
The Accessible Image Sample Book, created by the [DIAGRAM Content Working Group](http://diagramcenter.org/about/working-groups.html), is a free online resource that shows you what some of the many options are for creating accessible versions of digital images such as:

- maps
- bar charts
- diagrams
- mathematical expressions
- photographs
- and more!

Each of the ten chapters in the book shows a different complex image in context of the book it came from, along with helpful tips and the code used to provide the accessible image in a digital book. See (and hear!) the different ways that an image can be made accessible, including:

- short and long descriptions
- tactile graphics
- MathML
- sonification
- audio description
- 3D printing

This resource can be used as a guide when creating accessible images in your own digital books and other digital publications. You can learn more what the book contains by listening to the [webinar about the Accessible Image Sample Book](http://diagramcenter.org/webinars.html#aisb) presented by its authors.

Have you used the Accessible Image Sample Book for your work? Please tell us what impact it is having and how it could be improved. [Click here to take a quick 6-question survey](https://www.surveymonkey.com/s/JD78MHF).

Please see this page for more information:
[http://diagramcenter.org/standards-and-practices/accessible-image-sample-book.html]


## Change Log

####Version 2.0.3
- Change "Canada" to "California" in the Maps chapter.

####Version 2.0.2
- Minor version number consistency updates in the EPUB file
- [Source files page](http://diagramcenter.org/samplebook/SourceFiles/index.xhtml) updates
- Release of the [Web version of the book](http://diagramcenter.org/samplebook/index.xhtml)

####Version 2.0.1
- Introduction removed.
- "The Content Model" was renamed "The Diagrammar" in keeping with official nomenclature.
- "The Diagrammar" section was moved to its own page after the last sample.
- The MIDI (which is not supported in EPUB) has been removed and is now just available in the Source files on the website.
- The Cartoon description was updated.
- Related Table of Contents and structural changes.

#### Version 2.0
- Major update with new sections added, including:
	- Getting Started
	- Chemistry
	- Relational Diagrams
	- Cartoons
	- Haptics
	- Music
	- Glossary

#### Version 1.5
- HTML5 coding and semantic structure have been updated and enhanced in many ways.
- Enhancements to EPUB 3 structure, semantics, and metadata.
- Extensive stylistic updates, including the addition of numerous styles to make the content more readable and more stylish.
- Sample images are now set up to work both with device double-tap image viewing and separate image pages when needed.
- The examples have been updated to replace the use of <details> and <summary> with <aside>. This is in keeping with the fact that those elements have been removed from the official HTML5.0 spec, thus they are technically unsupported in EPUB 3. They will probably be added back into the HTML spec with 5.1, but will not be technically valid in EPUB 3 until that happens and until EPUB 3 updates to support 5.1. See more about this here: [https://github.com/IDPF/epubcheck/issues/407#issuecomment-50631597]

#### Version 1.2
Minor updates

#### Version 1.0
Initial release
