<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
<title>Introduction</title>
<link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />
</head>
<body xml:lang="en">

<section epub:type="introduction">
<h1>Introduction</h1>
<p class="first">Today, there are many ways to create accessible alternatives for graphical content in a digital book. Images can be described in the text of a book, or the descriptions can be coded so they can be voiced by reading devices or text-to-speech software. The image can be separately produced as a <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tactile_graphic">tactile graphic</a> using a variety of techniques that place a raised image on paper or rendered as a tactile audio display (tactile graphic accompanied by audio description). <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mathml">MathML</a> is a way of describing mathematical notations to make both the structure and the content accessible. <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sonification">Sonification</a> uses non-speech audio to represent a graphed equation. <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/3d_printing">Three-dimensional models</a> can be made for the student to touch.</p>
<p class="ind">Few people outside of a small community of alternate media producers and consumers have seen, heard, or touched these alternate methods of accessing graphical content. As educational materials migrate from paper to electronic media, the opportunity exists to employ many of these alternatives to images, reduce the number of steps required to create an accessible digital book, and ensure that all content “born digital” is also “born accessible.”</p>
<p class="ind">What images should be made accessible and how best to make them accessible are complex decisions. Some questions to consider include: What information does the image convey? Is this information included in the surrounding text? How do different accessibility modalities convey this information? What are the age, grade level, and disability of the student who needs this information? What prior knowledge can reasonably be expected of the student? The answers to these questions will help to identify the modality to use in a particular situation. However, even experts with different backgrounds and experience have different opinions about what makes an image accessible. There is seldom a definitive answer: an image that is accessible for one student is not necessarily accessible for other students.</p>
<p class="ind">Even when a good alternative is identified, the technical requirements for creating that alternative may not always be clear. For example, even if a publisher creates a file in the appropriate format for creating a 3D object or a tactile graphic, the user must have the technical knowledge necessary to turn that file into the desired result, as well as access to specialized equipment such as a 3D printer or embosser. Even the relatively <a href="http://www.diagramcenter.org/standards-and-practices/59-image-guidelines-for-epub-3.html">simple addition of a text description in a book</a> can raise technical questions.</p>
<p class="ind">This digital book is a collection of sample accessible images developed by the DIAGRAM Center. These samples will provide you with an experience of various types of image alternatives that may be used in a variety of academic disciplines and grade levels. Importantly, the sample book provides real-world examples of both the accessible image and the underlying code used to produce it. That is, it provides technical samples as well as content samples. The code samples are provided for two specifications: DAISY (Digital Accessible Information System) and EPUB 3. The <a href="http://www.daisy.org/">DAISY</a> standard defines the format and content of a digital talking book (DTB). DTBs are designed to make print material accessible and navigable for blind or otherwise print-disabled persons. <a href="http://idpf.org/epub/30">EPUB 3</a> is the latest release of the EPUB standard, which is the most widely adopted format for mainstream digital books (eBooks). Our intention is that this sample book will serve as an exemplar for creating accessible digital images.</p>
<p class="ind">The DIAGRAM Center is engaged in developing and supplying technical standards, free tools, and training to help educational media producers create or obtain image alternatives and publish them within or alongside their digital content. Our mission is to make it easier, faster, and cheaper to create and use accessible digital images. This book serves as introduction to the work that the DIAGRAM Center and its community of educators and content creators make possible.</p>
<p class="center mt30"><a href="http://www.diagramcenter.org">http://www.diagramcenter.org/</a></p>
</section>

</body>
</html>
