<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en" lang="en">
<head>
<title>Source Files</title>
<link href="stylesheet.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />
</head>
<body xml:lang="en">

<section epub:type="bibliography">
<h1>Source Files For This Book</h1>
<p class="first">These files are available individually and as a single downloadable zip file on the <a href="http://www.diagramcenter.org/standards-and-practices/accessible-image-sample-book.html">DIAGRAM Center website</a>.</p>
<ol>
	<li>Sample 1: Heart and Lung Diagram (diagram and key) - tactile graphic</li>
	<li>Sample 1: Heart and Lung Diagram (numbered text) - tactile graphic</li>
	<li>Sample 3a: Institutional Discrimination Bar Chart (key) - tactile graphic</li>
	<li>Sample 3a: Institutional Discrimination Bar Chart (graph) - tactile graphic</li>
	<li>Sample 3b: Quadratic Functions and Their Graphs - MP3 for Figure 11.5</li>
	<li>Sample 3b: Quadratic Functions and Their Graphs - MP3 for Figure 11.6</li>
	<li>Sample 5: Angles on a Survey Map - tactile graphic</li>
	<li>Sample 5: Angles on a Survey Map - Content Model XML</li>
	<li>Sample 8: Music - MIDI file created from MusicXML</li>
	<li>Sample 8: Music - MP3 file created from MusicXML</li>
</ol>
</section>

<section>
<h1>Image Citations</h1>
<ul>
	<li>Sample 1: Heart and Lung Diagram: <i>Health and Wellness</i>, by L. Meeks and P. Heit. Copyright 2006 by Macmillan/McGraw-Hill, ISBN 0-02-280378-5/7.</li>
	<li>Sample 2: Map of North America: <i>America Past and Present, Tenth Edition</i>, by Robert Divine, T.H. Breen, George M. Frederickson, R. Hal Williams, Ariela J. Gross, and H. W. Brands.  Copyright 2013, 2011, 2007 by Pearson Education, Inc., Upper Saddle River, NJ. </li>
	<li>Sample 3a: Institutional Discrimination Bar Chart: <i>Essentials of Sociology, A Down-to-Earth Approach, Ninth Edition</i>, by James M. Henslin. Copyright 2011 by Pearson Education, Inc., Boston, MA.</li>
	<li>Sample 3b: Quadratic Functions and Their Graphs: <i>Beginning and Intermediate Algebra with Applications and Visualization, Third Edition</i>, by Gary K. Rockswold and Terry A. Krieger. Copyright 2013 by Pearson Education, Inc., Boston, MA. </li>
	<li>Sample 5: Angles on a Survey Map: <i>Angles on a Survey Map</i>, by CTB/McGraw-Hill. Copyright 2000 by Colorado Department of Education.</li>
	<li>Sample 6b: Carbon Atom: <i>Molecular Biology of the Cell, Fifth Edition</i>, by Bruce Alberts, Alexander Johnson, Julian Lewis, Martin Raff, Keith Roberts, and Peter Walter. Copyright 2008, 2002 by Bruce Alberts, Alexander Johnson, Julian Lewis, Martin Raff, Keith Roberts, and Peter Walter. Copyright 1983, 1989, 1994 by Bruce Alberts, Alexander Johnson, Julian Lewis, Martin Raff, Keith Roberts, and James D. Watson.</li>
	<li>Sample 8: Music: Catherine Schmidt-Jones. &#8220;Consonance and Dissonance.&#8221; <i>Understanding Basic Music Theory</i>. Boundless, 30 Oct. 2014. Retrieved 04 Mar. 2015 from <a href="https://www.boundless.com/users/232513/textbooks/understanding-basic-music-theory/harmony-and-form-5/consonance-and-dissonance-33/consonance-and-dissonance-133-13607/">https://www.boundless.com/users/232513/textbooks/understanding-basic-music-theory/harmony-and-form-5/consonance-and-dissonance-33/consonance-and-dissonance-133-13607/</a></li>
	<li>Sample 10: Decorative and Redundant Images: <i>The Language of Literature</i>, by Arthur N. Applebee, Andrea B. Bermudez, Sheridan Blau, Rebekah Caplan, Franchelle Dorn, Peter Elbow, Susan Hynds, Judith A. Langer, and ]ames Marshall. Copyright 1997 by McDougal Littell Inc.</li>
</ul>
</section>

</body>
</html>
